Are your lights on? find the trust problem
	What's problem?
		nobody read preface 
			solution
				move preface to chapter 1
				new problem
					chapter 1 was boring
						solution
							startup by chapter 2 , remove chapter 1
		Don't come up with a solution without clarifying the problem
		define who is service target?
			owner?
			user?
				how to minimum cost in traffic
			solver?
				how to prevent argument from user
		find the cues to best solution
			who has problem?
			what's the nature of problem?
				what went wrong?
					problem is the gap between reality and expect
						ideal: wait elevator by a short time
							how to make let they feel like they haven't waited too long
								add mirror in each floor for waiting people
						reality:; wait elevator by a long time
				The problem is lack of creativity?
					put the crayon next to the mirror
			best solution is transform from a problem to series problems
			not waste your time to help people who doesn't have sense of humor
	What's this problem?
		you will never be sure your problem definition is correct, but  don't stop and look for correct definition.
		doesn't use other people's solution as your problem definition
			especially that's your proposal
		people can't believe you can solve the problem when you solve problem too quick.
		when they are profitable, The Moral is not problem
		althoughtly the problem was solved,you still not sure your problem definition is correct
		don't summary in hurry, don't ignore instincts
		the most difficult of problem is find out the problem.
	What's the problem core?
		each solution is the source of next problem
			we can think about which problem will happen when use this solution
			If you can't find least 3 mistakes during understand the problem, you're not really known the problem
		We always blame tool user not tool designer
		most uncoordinated problem are easy solved when it's find out .
		it's easy find uncoordinated problem in new solution than incorrect problem definition.
			when your first glance is away, how to renew your sensitive?
				consultant from stranger passerby
				traveling abroad ,you will find many strange things
			change your visual angle to think problem , like you're foreigner, blind, or child. or ask they.
				try list 10 inconvenience problem in look
				different angle will find different problem
		a circle picture
			what's this?
				it a very common item
					it's circle?
				remove very
					maybe have other answer
			change your visual angle to thinks
				it an uncommon item
					you will find a different think path to explain the item
						coin
						hole
						hula hoop
						some people don't want to answer
							they say it's difficult to solve
			this is very uncommon item, think it maybe is and given me an most uncommon answer
				this sentence is want a viewpoint ,It does not want a correct answer.
					we will given more answer.
			what problem do I need to solved?
		if we have a chance , we will choice most comfortable define to explain problem.
		if you're at the road of definition problem, you need turn back to check your path is correct periodically , prevent you loss.
		notice your explain in problem
			no answer for customer is good to much
		when you explain the problem by pen and paper, make it easy for everybody to known.
		if word game like archery , we need a quiver of arrows to hit the bullseye
	Who should solved this problem?
		if people can solve their problem ,don't  do it for they.
		if that someone else problem , let them figure it out.
		if someone is responsible for solving the problem, but he never bothers with the problem, let him encounter the seriousnessof the problem.
		if we identify the problem responser hastily, we will ignore some possibility.
		change the situation, let's think about you have response to solved the problem.
		a tip
			does your light on?
	What's the problem from?
		we often attribution problem are natural, it can avoid responsibility
		people in a hierarchy tend to rise to "a level of respective incompetence
		when you can identify where the problem came from? some people will help you, especially the problem came from you.
		villian is hero , hero is villian
		in problem solving process, organize or people maybe become the problem.
		there are two people, one is solver , the other is trouble maker
			leave the trouble maker.
		hard problem is good problem
	Did you really want to solve problem?
		in most, solved the problem is piece of cake when figure problem out
		before  you provide people want, people hardly know what's they want
		analyze result, nobody actually want to solved their problem.
		We actually want to solved the problem?
		hastily find solution will lead to disaster
			we don't have enough time to solve problem, but we always have time to restart
		the last see water are fish.
		loyal to yourself